I have an idea for a web-based Laravel app designed for a restaurant. Each table will have a unique QR code. When a customer sits down, they scan it, and a table-specific menu opens directly in their browser—no app download is needed. The menu will have categories, item names, prices, and a search bar so customers can find items easily. When they click an item, a detail view will show what’s included (like a thali with rice, lentils, etc.). They place their order, and it’s linked to that table. The order is sent to the kitchen or manager. The customer can review the bill and pay directly on the webpage. If they try to leave without paying, a reminder alert will trigger. After payment, a confirmation message appears.On the admin side, there will be a super admin panel. The admin can manage all categories and items, adding or removing them. The dashboard will show all table orders, which table ordered what, order status, total payments, daily and monthly earnings. The admin will receive alerts for each table’s orders and their progress. The manager updates order statuses, and the admin oversees the entire operation."

Show more
7:59 AM
Claude responded: This is a comprehensive restaurant management system.

Reading frontend design skill
Reading frontend design skill
This is a comprehensive restaurant management system. Let me build you a stunning interactive prototype that showcases the full system — both the customer-facing menu and the admin dashboard.


Created a file, read a file
Created a file, read a file
Here's your DineFlow interactive prototype — a full working preview of both sides of the system. Here's what you can explore:

📱 Customer View (Table 7)

Browse the full menu with categories, search, veg/non-veg dots, and prices
Tap any item to see the detail sheet with all inclusions (like a thali breakdown)
Add items to cart, adjust quantities, place the order
View the live bill with GST breakdown — try clicking "Leave without paying" to trigger the alert
Pay to see the confirmation screen
🛡 Admin Panel

Dashboard — stats cards, revenue bar chart (toggle Daily/Monthly), table overview grid, live alerts
Live Orders — table of all orders with status badges; click "Update →" to cycle statuses
Earnings — multi-period revenue breakdown
Menu Management — edit/delete items per category
QR Codes — all 12 tables with downloadable QR placeholders
Hit "Simulate New Order" to see the live alert + toast notification system in action
For the actual Laravel build, here's the recommended architecture:

The system maps cleanly to these Laravel components: Models (Table, MenuItem, Category, Order, OrderItem, Payment), Policies (SuperAdmin vs Manager roles), Events + Broadcasting (Laravel Echo + Pusher for real-time kitchen/admin alerts), QR generation via simple-qrcode package with signed URLs per table, and Blade/Livewire or Inertia+Vue for the frontend. Stripe or Razorpay handles payments.

Want me to generate the full Laravel project structure, migrations, routes, and controller scaffolding?


Restaurant system
Code · HTML 
You said: Here I am able to add a table also, and I think you left many things i want you to add everything with a seamless experience on the customer and admin side.
Here I am able to add a table also, and I think you left many things i want you to add everything with a seamless experience on the customer and admin side. You add all things which are needed now, can you make a template once again

8:15 AM
Claude responded: Let me first carefully audit everything in the current prototype before rebuilding.
Let me first carefully audit everything in the current prototype before rebuilding.


Reading the frontend design skill for guidelines
Reading the frontend design skill for guidelines
Now let me plan everything that's missing and build the complete system. I'll create a massive, fully-featured file.

What's missing / needs adding:

Customer: Quantity selector directly on menu (not just Add), special instructions per item, order tracking live status timeline, tip selection, multiple payment methods (UPI/Card/Cash), order history within session, "Call Waiter" button
Admin: Add/Edit/Delete menu items with full form modal, Add/Edit/Delete categories, Add/Edit/Delete tables, Manager login vs Super Admin, order detail drill-down, mark table as clean/available, print bill, search/filter orders, customer count per table, reservation notes, daily summary export hint, staff management stub, notification settings

Ran a command, created a file
Ran a command, created a file

Check file size limits
bash

echo "Planning complete system build"
Output

Planning complete system build

Complete restaurant management system - Part 1: HTML structure and CSS